# Tempo-Rary

A time management rhythm game.

## Level Editor

Here is the documentation for the level editor: https://mluo.notion.site/Level-Editor-Details-7b068aa95a4e4d80924af1ba2fbc8dd6

## Controls

Press `E`, `R`, `U` or `I` to swap which lane you are playing on.

Press `D`, `F`, `J`, or `K` to attempt to hit. You may also use 1, 2, 3, 4 to switch (2 and 3 to switch for two band members) and the arrow keys to play.

Press `esc` to navigate through different menu screens.

## Description

First, click on the red button to calibrate. Then click on the play button to play.

The instructions for the level select are as follows:

The rest of the levels that could be selected are simply placeholders before we implement our final level selection screen.

Each of the pictures represents the album covers corresponding to the song. The left one is for *Aliens in a Cave*, the middle is for *Challenger Approaches*, and the rightmost one is currently a placeholder for Dvorak's *American* string quartet, generated by Musescore.

The bottom cube buttons with cats represent difficulty. One cat is easy, two cats is medium, and three cats is hard.

**There are currently four unique levels in this game.** The unique levels are *Aliens in a Cave* medium and hard, *Challenger Approaches* hard, and *American* hard. The *American* hard is not fully fleshed out in terms of the level but feedback would nonetheless be appreciated.

## Contributors

<!-- TODO: update with links to people's profiles -->

- Marya Kim: Project Lead, Designer, Programmer
- Miranda Luo: Programming Lead
- Gracia Xu: Design Lead
- Kevin Huang: Programmer
- Sami Masri: Programmer
- Melanie Gao: Programmer
- Gurvir Singh: Programmer
- Chunyu Wu: Designer
- David Kim: Music
